The Black Dragon Chamber of Commerce presented Mr. Du Chen
A set of Yunlong Tianque Manor
Dove family
Give Mr. Du Chen a handmade supercar as a gift.
Solo Chamber of Commerce
Give Mr. Du Chen an unlimited black card
I'm waiting for the Chamber of Commerce to say
I implore Mr. Du Chen to choose our Chamber of Commerce
Invest in Shunyang Technology
Humph
These three gifts are estimated to be worth tens of billions
How can Du Chen enjoy such a great gift?
cannot
You are the actor he is looking for
Your head is full of anger
I can't tell if it's real or fake.
Great, Du Chen has this investment
We can soar
Now, semiconductor chips are age-old.
People sell them, and they are all cheap.
Did you make a mistake?
Just rely on him
What are you?
Dare to insult Mr. Du
Our vision is also something you can question.
Roll Du Chen
What you just said is true
That project is really worth trillions
That's impossible.
He's just a trash raised by the Du family
How could he possibly know this?
There must be someone behind him
How am I?
I want you to take care of it.
Oh, right.
Didn't you just say you were going to screw your head off?
Kick me as a ball?
Ahahaha
What do you want?
What pony save me
Enough, Dochen
Your brother is just kidding
You don't have to take it seriously.
Then I just want to play a joke with him.
Is there a problem? Haha.